component/ios/Details.md, before:

HockeyApp is a platform to collect live crash reports, get feedback from your users, distribute your betas, recruit new testers, and analyze your test coverage.

The following features are currently supported:

 - **Collect crash reports:** If your app crashes, a crash log is written to the device's storage. If the user starts the app again, they will be asked asked to submit the crash report to HockeyApp. This works for both beta and live apps, i.e. those submitted to the App Store. Crash logs contain viable information for you to help resolve the issue. Furthermore, you as a developer can add additional information to the report as well.

 - **Update Ad-Hoc / Enterprise apps:** The app will check with HockeyApp if a new version for your Ad-Hoc or Enterprise build is available. If yes, it will show an alert view to the user and let him see the release notes, the version history and start the installation process right away.

 - **Update notification for app store:** If an update is available for your app on the app store, an alert can be displayed to the user to allow them to navigate to the listing for the update on the app store (Disabled by default).
 
 - **Feedback:** Besides crash reports, collecting feedback from your users from within your app is a great option to help with improving your app. You act on and answer feedback directly from the HockeyApp backend.

 - **Authenticate:** To help you stay in control of closed tester groups, you can identify and authenticate users against your registered testers with the HockeyApp backend. The authentication feature supports several ways of authentication.
 

## Learn More
Learn more about HockeyApp by visiting http://hockeyapp.net

Commit message:

Add User Metrics to iOS details

component/ios/Details.md, after:

HockeyApp is a platform to collect live crash reports, get feedback from your users, distribute your betas, recruit new testers, and analyze your test coverage.

The following features are currently supported:

 1. **Collect crash reports:** If your app crashes, a crash log is written to the device's storage. If the user starts the app again, they will be asked asked to submit the crash report to HockeyApp. This works for both beta and live apps, i.e. those submitted to the App Store. Crash logs contain viable information for you to help resolve the issue. Furthermore, you as a developer can add additional information to the report as well.

 2. **User Metrics**: Understand user behavior to improve your app. Track usage through daily and monthly active users, monitor crash impacted users, as well as customer engagement through session count. If you are part of [Preseason][https://hockeyapp.net/preseason], you can now track Custom Events in your app, understand user actions and see the aggregates on the HockeyApp portal.

 3. **Update Ad-Hoc / Enterprise apps:** The app will check with HockeyApp if a new version for your Ad-Hoc or Enterprise build is available. If yes, it will show an alert view to the user and let him see the release notes, the version history and start the installation process right away.

 4. **Update notification for app store:** If an update is available for your app on the app store, an alert can be displayed to the user to allow them to navigate to the listing for the update on the app store (Disabled by default).
 
 5. **Feedback:** Besides crash reports, collecting feedback from your users from within your app is a great option to help with improving your app. You act on and answer feedback directly from the HockeyApp backend.

 6. **Authenticate:** To help you stay in control of closed tester groups, you can identify and authenticate users against your registered testers with the HockeyApp backend. The authentication feature supports several ways of authentication.
 

## Learn More
Learn more about HockeyApp by visiting http://hockeyapp.net
